[Music]
what was it abrade down when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] okay so
three weeks
no vids it's a lot to explain so I'll
explain more to it later but we're back
now and the movie we're doing today is
an American crime ii adaption based on
the murder of sylvia likens the last
movie we did about her was very loosely
based on the crime called the girl next
door but this movie is definitely more I
guess true base that's a word I'm saying
it documents to Sylvia likens torture
and murder very correctly my dumb ass
can't even talk today but as you can see
it stars my old crush Ellen Page as
Sylvia likens who also played the
pedophile vigilante in hard candy so if
you want to see what happens including
all the messed up parts stay tuned for
the breakdown the movie starts off with
a voiceover from young American girl
Sylvia likens speaking of her love of
the carnival thanks to her carnival
working parents it's made apparent at
the carnival is the place where Sylvia
and her sister Ginny feel the most safe
and comfortable then we cut to the
future at the trial for a very sinister
crime here is Sylvia's pops who is
called to the stand explaining that
after separation with his wife back in
July 1965 Sylvia and Ginny were under
the supervision of their mother Betty
Lester even visits his two daughters
before they go to church but it says his
interest is to rather put off the two
girls to a relative so that he and Betty
can work on career opportunities of
course
Sylvia senses this true feeling but
joins her sister back in Church where we
see this family put into the spotlight
especially when the mother
Gertrude been uzuki can't calm her baby
down after church on the church bus some
of guru Zora Gerdes daughters finally
meet the Lycan sisters discovering that
Ginny has polio the daughters also
influenced the two to hang out with
their family this is what we see big
sister
who hints that the benna's uki family is
having tons of financial trouble Gerty
lets her daughter and friends hang but
paulo and silvia seems to get closer
like two peas in a pie going down to the
grocery store to meet Paula's boyfriend
before they see them though they see
hairy eyes excuse me
it's just gerdes ex-boyfriend named andy
we will see him more later well Paula
shows her boyfriend who is actually some
married guy sylvia herself only had one
little boyfriend back in california and
is relatively clowned for being kind of
pure and unexperienced back at gerdes
house lester likens comes in looking for
his two daughters Lester and Gertie Chad
where he choked fully reveals his
feelings of wanting to leave his kids
under somebody else for a bit this is
where Gertie sees opportunity for money
offering to keep them in addition to her
six kids
as long as Lester pays twenty dollars a
week that's very useful money for the
financially troubled family back to the
future the lawyer here roasts Lester for
even considering leaving his daughters
with a complete stranger showing he did
accept that deal the two parents leave
their daughters with the benna's uski
family who happily accept the Lycans
sisters until their home later in August
Karla shows Sylvia around the new school
where Paula must be the baddest or one
of the most popular I don't know maybe
just around the delinquents Sylvia's
catching eyes to though getting macked
on by Ricky Hobbs here who throws his
shot but Sylvia plays hard to get back
in the Bennet Sookie household and he
visits his baby here but otherwise is
hoping to have a little fun before he
has to go to boot camp he also wants
some money so he can visit a brother of
his but what she gets on his case for
not even supporting his kid she gets
slept well of course she accepts his
apology and they get right to sex after
the sex she lets him have the $20 that
Lester gave for the first week later at
dinner time which consists of this
sandwich Paula comes home late and is
very angry about that married boyfriend
of hers
dirty talks to her but when parlour
talks back she gets slapped it's just a
tense scene really but in the background
one of her sons is being cruel and not
feeding this dog barely letting him get
a bite
Sylvia later learns from Polya herself
that she is pregnant until Sylvia don't
tell anybody until I figure out what I
got to do later the mail comes but it is
missing the much-needed $20 that Lester
was supposed to give every week the kids
all come home and they are told to go
upstairs except for the Lycans sisters
who are all told to go down to the
basement she tells them the check didn't
come through believing she took care of
them for nothing she tells them both to
lean over first beating Ginny who falls
down from the pain and the presence of
polio
Sylvia tells Gertie she will take her
beat and it's hit twice by the angry
lady I mean I got Whoopi's as a kid too
but my grandma ain't ever hit me like
she was starting off a round of tennis
she tells Sylvia she needs to have money
before leaving the two girls to gather
their thoughts later we see the check
has came in and a little note written by
the parents then we see Sylvia hanging
out with Paula and her delinquent
friends who are smoking and drinking all
types of beer
Paula leaves to go talk to her married
boyfriend but then the homeboy Ricky
comes to fix the awkward mood
Sylvia then here's Paula and her guy
arguing and goes to investigate she
Solid Snake's her way around but once he
gets forceful Sylvia tries to help by
saying she's pregnant this does get him
to calm down a retreat but Paula gets
angry because she opened her mouth about
the pregnancy and tell Sylvia she will
pay for this that's um that's ridiculous
I mean that dude look like he was gonna
rape her even when people watched but
you mad at Sylvia whatever
Sylvia also tells Ricky off for
following her you know anger travels
back at home Paula confides in her
mother but also has some dirty-ass [ __ ]
coming out of that funk booty mouth of
hers
shoulda seen her with those boys so
everyone I was a [ __ ]
y'all never just like Tribble you river
your face up and response to some
[ __ ] use hurt cuz right now I feel
like Paula knees that whoopin that
Lycans got earlier telling lies to make
herself feel better later after church
Gertie forces Sylvia to apologize for
some [ __ ] she didn't even say and also
less Paula get even Sylvia's held back
and slapped by Paula but then they get
into a bigger conflict which ends with
Sylvia getting hit so hard that Paula
hurts her wrist then the kids are sent
back up including the sad Ginny and hurt
Sylvia even though there is unfair
treatment it's good to see the Lycan
sisters keep their strength by reciting
prayers together even in the darkness of
night later we see Sylvia stuck in the
recesses of her mind
but then this Steven Rogers looking as
do named Erik comes to shoot his
interest as Sylvia like a truth bullet
it seems kind of cliche that our
handsome type of guy talks to an
innocent and quiet type of girl like
Sylvia but trust me guys he is pretty
cool we also see that Paula's pregnancy
is becoming well-known throughout the
whole school meanwhile Ricky is hanging
out with Gertie
Ricky is obviously going to be converted
to the dark side later Ginny shows
Sylvia that note we saw earlier but it
was trashed by Gertie this prompts the
two to call their parents on a payphone
the to tell mommy that Gertie is way too
shrieked but they got a hang up when
Gerdes kids see them in the house Gertie
questions where they got the money to
make a call thinking they stole it when
in reality they just traded empty coke
bottles for coins
Gertie drags Sylvia over accusing her of
lying and stealing punishing her by
burning her hand with a cigarette
the screens are overheard by the
neighbors who ought to stay out of it
later the Ben and zuki family and their
girls are at a church event we see Paula
has a cast now and Sylvia is asked to
hang out with Erik leaving Riki in the
dust
Sylvia also thinks maybe Ricky could
have been that one to spread the rumors
about the pregnancy Ricky says jealous
as Sylvia goes off the hang with Erik
proving to be easy bait for Gertie to
infect with her hate nonsense
well Sylvia's later dropped back off to
the place she definitely wishes to avoid
dirty again accuses her of spreading
rumors and also flirting with Andy as a
terrible and embarrassing punishment
Sylvia is forced to stick a coke bottle
inside of hers which breaks wants to
owed his sibling and her boyfriend come
in then Gertie makes the boyfriend named
coy take her down to the basement where
Sylvia screams are heard loud and clear
by the neighbors who just ignore it
Sylvia has then pushed down the stairs
and response to being too difficult
our tortured soul later wakes up in pain
and bewilderment but find some kind of
peace and imagining herself where she
always felt safe and a family meeting
Ginny asks how long will Sylvia be in
the basement and Gertrude says until she
learns her lesson she also says that if
anybody asks Sylvia is in juvie Paula
Dean comes downstairs to bring water but
it also seems like she has started to
feel some type of guilt for all the
unfair things Sylvia is going through I
don't know if this was the case in real
life but later on the kids bring their
neighborhood delinquents to see Sylvia
boasting and showing how much abuse she
has suffered even burning her with
cigarettes the act of letting this
neighbor girl burned her starts the
montage of torture that Sylvia goes
through it goes hand in hand with the
kids on the stand describing what was
done to her since she's punching kicking
and overall incredible disrespect upon
Silvia when Casey Neistat
next yet I don't know as each kid why
they did what they did they each say I
don't know sir later the church reverend
comes by apparently brought by paula who
confided in him he also came because he
was worried about sylvia and it's told
she is at juvy by this ugly lying goblin
ass woman Gertie is increasing and anger
and paranoia all that type of [ __ ] even
causing a scene with Paula revealing
that she is doing all this for you this
meaning Sylvia's abuse it's now October
23rd and Gertrude sends everybody to the
basement and a fit of craziness she
writes the words and marker I'm a
prostitute
and I'm proud of it on Sylvia's body she
didn't makes the kids heat up a bobby
pin and uses it to start branding those
words on Sylvia
Gertie can't finish it though and of all
people she makes Rickey finished the
message man it sucks at these kids
Ricky especially couldn't do what's
right
I'll never understand what made any of
these neighborhood kids so heartless
toward Sylvia like that
later that night Paula comes to Sylvia's
aid helping her up through the basement
and past a sleeping mother but this damn
coconut head has girl snitches and Paula
sends Sylvia running saying she will
take care of Ginny hmm kind of
surprising she even has the energy to
talk but she uses any shrink she has to
run away lucky for her Ricky is just
standing still for no reason and helps
her into his car instead of the hospital
Sylvia wants him to take her to where
her parents are well Ricky does what he
is told and Sylvia is dropped off at the
carnival where they work it Ricky is
then told to go back to make sure Ginny
is okay
the parents see the full extent of
Sylvia's injuries and they all gear up
to go save Jenny next they are back at
the house and the parents for some
reason lets Sylvia go inside by herself
like it's something only she could do
now if you haven't noticed or put two
and two together this is some dream
Sylvia is having Sylvia never escaped
she died there this ghostly Sylvia sees
her own dead body on the floor as each
kid panics around they finally get some
responsibility ignoring their mother to
call for help when the police arrive
Jenny says she will tell them everything
now we are at the trial
Ginny painfully explains her fear of
Gertrude who takes the stand last in the
24th day of the trial she lies about all
the abuse even saying her kids lied
about everything
just shows how careless and inhuman she
is meanwhile Sylvia's ghost speaks about
the evil of Gertrude who is then
sentenced to life in prison for
first-degree murder Paula went to jail -
and his kid Johnny and Ricky went to a
reformatory Ricky though so happened to
die himself from lung cancer at the age
of 20
Ginny is left again under the care of
the district attorney's family but later
we hear that Gertrude got released 20
years later but died just five years
after her release the movie ends as
Sylvia's ghost wanders around the place
she always felt safe the carnival well
this was the second film we covered that
was based on the murder of Sylvia likens
now it was definitely less graphic than
the girl next door but I'm glad I didn't
get too gritty what they showed in his
movie seems extremely watered-down
- what she actually went through in the
care of Gertrude but if they showed all
of that I feel in a way it would be
disrespectful to Sylvia likens herself
now that we seen what happened in an
American crime let's talk about the
mostess third moment and most enjoy a
moment in that spooky stuff
[Music]
so honestly I'm kind of looking at the
girl-next-door family we're now is
shocking me is disrespectful to soap it
for some reason
now I'm sure somebody watched trying
videos or murder-mystery videos or
whatever and I'm also sure y'all would
watch a video based on the murder of
sylvia likens so i suggest y'all check
out a video made by the channel make me
believe it's titled dissecting murders
Sylvia likens and I'll put the link in
the description
what I'm most like about these videos is
he does not pull pledges he will talk
about a murder and will show you like
all the graphic crime-scene photos and
everything so do ready for that and
check them out so back to our video the
most the started moment is probably the
brandy I mean everything was messed up I
guess a close second is probably the
forest bottle torture it's just you know
the faces that Sylvia made was very sad
to watch the most enjoyed moment is when
Sylvia and Ginny were praying at night
it was very heartwarming to see how she
kept her strength through prayer and
also just simply big next to her sister
and that's it now on the left is the
video I mentioned earlier take him out
and he will show what really makes this
crime so infamous on the right is the
girl next door in case you want to see
that weird adaption of it
but regardless thanks for watching
spooky out